
    EXAMPLE OF LINKED DEPENDENCY CURRICULUM

	1) books are suggested.... online lecture notes could/should be linked
	2) depends must be realistic and detailed (one level - if it doesn't depend directly don't list it)


:::::::::: PHYSICS ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

            name : intermediate quantum mechanics
     description : More advanced topics like perturbation theory, symmetries, two body systems
                   and developing a more sophisticated language by using the diract notation.
                   Links to classical as the limit of the Hamilton-Jakobi equation.
           books : Sakurai, Landau
      depends on : elementary quantum mechanics, hamiltonian mechanics, linear algebra, groups
 reverse depends : quantum theory, paricle physics, solid state physics


            name : elementary quantum mechanics
     description : The srudy of the subatomic world. A completely different perspective on reality
                   starting with a new set of axioms. The tools here are probabilities, expected values
                   and solutions to hamiltonians.
           books : Sakurai
      depends on : calculus, hamiltonian mechanics, modern physics, linear algebra
 reverse depends : intermediate quantum mechanics, quantum theory, paricle physics, solid state physics


            name : classical mechanics
     description : Mechanics starting from Lagrange's equation of motion. Using the techniques
                   of Variational Calculus and virtual displacements arrives at an alternative
                   form of mechanics. More advanced topics include 
                   form of mechanics. More advanced topics include 
           books : Goldstein, Hand, 
      depends on : calculus, linear algebra, newtonian mechanics, variational calculus
 reverse depends : quantum mechanics, quantum theory, paricle physics, solid state physics





:::::::::: MATHEMATICS ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


            name : differential calculus
     description : The study of continuous change in a single variable. Limits, derivatives, 
                   maximization and problem solving. Extremely important to physics and many 
                   other sciences. First part of the minimum calculus course.
           books : any calculus book should do. Exercises with solutions recommended.
      depends on : basic functions, basic algebra
 reverse depends : everything depends on this stuff!



            name : integral calculus 
     description : The second part of the minimum calculus course. It covers the fundamental theorem 
                   of calculus, sequences, series, anti derivatives, integrals and integration techniques.
                   L'hopital's rule.
           books : any calculus book should do. Exercises with solutions recommended.
      depends on : differential calculus, 
 reverse depends : everything depends on this material!




            name : linear algebra
     description : The solution of systems of linear equations, matrices, vectors and analytic geometry 
                   are covered in a unifying manner. Key element to understanding many concepts and 
                   expanding one's way of thinking.
           books : any linear algebra book. Anton is decent.
      depends on : basic algebra, basic geometry
 reverse depends : core element, everything depends on it.


            name : differential equations
     description : Some real world problems provide us with differential relations. I want to find out f
                   but I only have information about the df/dt (the change in f). With the techniques of
                   differential equation solving one can find out solutions (find f). For simple problems
                   integration is enough but for more advanced situations a structured approach is needed.
                   The course is more of a cook-book then anything else. You look at the ingredients and 
                   the recipes you know how to cook and you give it you best shot....
           books : many good books. Avoid books with "for engineers" in title.
      depends on : differential calculus, integral calculus, linear algebra
 reverse depends : mechanics, partial differential equations, 


            name : multivariable calculus
     description : The study of calculus in several variables. The concepts of limit, derivative, integral
                   are reexamined in the context of numerous (usually 2 or 3) variables. The complexity is
                   trivial if the dependencies have been well mastered.
           books : any calculus book. Material is standard. Trim, Stewart, Adams are good choices.
      depends on : differential calculus, integral calculus


            name : vector calculus
     description : Application of the ideas of calculus to vectors in 2 or 3 dimensions. 
                   Techniques like path integration, surface integration, volume integration 
                   are taught permitting the student to learn Gauss' Divergence Theorem and Stokes Theorem.
           books : any vector calculus book. Trim, Stewart, Adams are good choices.
      depends on : differential calculus, integral calculus, linear algebra, multivariable calculus,
 reverse depends : electromagnetism, thermodynamics






// first draft as proof of concept... needs some sort of database structure so links are done automatically, perhaps a wiki will be suitable.... if anyone wants to join such a project or has suggestions contact: ivan.savov@mail.mcgill.ca